README.md, before:

# Moraine crest or slope? An analysis of the effects of boulder position on cosmogenic exposure age
Data and code for the above paper, published in *Journal Name*, available at: www.google.com

<p align="center">
	<img width = "460" src="images/github_logo.png"
</p>

### Abstract

"Abstract goes here..."

Folders include:

- **code**: The following Python files are included:
	-  Monte Carlo simulated Orthogonal Distance Regression (*MC_Orthogonal_Distance_Regression.py*)
	-  Code for Monte Carlo simulation of calibrated boulder exposure ages (*MC_Simulated_Ages.py*)
	-  Code for global and local Morans *I* spatial-autocorrelation of simulated SH datasets (*MC_Spatial_Autocorrelation.py*)
- **data**: Supplementary tables for <sup>10</sup>Be, <sup>36</sup>Cl and Schmidt hammer sampled boulders. Also included are the simulated Schmidt hammer datasets for each landform.
- **figures**: Latest manuscript figures 
- **images**: Supplementary figures
- **manuscript**: Latest version of the above paper (pre-peer review)

### SHED-Earth

Our analytical approach (using Orthogonal Distance Regression) has now been implemented on SHED-Earth (http://shed.earth). Full code is available at: https://github.com/jonnyhuck/shed-earth

Commit message:

Added shapefiles, P-CAAT data. Removed obsolete code and simulated SH datasets

README.md, after:

# Moraine crest or slope? An analysis of the effects of boulder position on cosmogenic exposure age
Data and code for the above paper, published in *Journal Name*, available at: www.google.com

<p align="center">
	<img width = "460" src="images/github_logo.png"
</p>

### Abstract

"Abstract goes here..."

Folders include:

- **code**: The following Python files are included:
	-  Monte Carlo simulated Orthogonal Distance Regression (*MC_Orthogonal_Distance_Regression.py*)
	-  Code for global and local Morans *I* spatial-autocorrelation
- **data**: Supplementary tables for <sup>10</sup>Be, <sup>36</sup>Cl and Schmidt hammer sampled boulders. Also included are:
	- Shapefiles representing the extents of the moraine sampling areas and associated Voronoi polygons
	- Input data for the Probabilistic Cosmogenic Age Analysis Tool (P-CAAT; Dortch *et al*. 2020) and output Matlab figures (.fig)
- **figures**: Latest manuscript figures 
- **images**: Supplementary figures
- **manuscript**: Latest version of the above paper (pre-peer review)

### SHED-Earth

Our analytical approach (using Orthogonal Distance Regression) has now been implemented on SHED-Earth (http://shed.earth). Full code is available at: https://github.com/jonnyhuck/shed-earth
